Guoshou, you really gave me a gift to socialize,
Which society of yours is free from fake news?
At the time you thought this was just a commonplace guy,
Could it be possible? Could it be that he destroyed the river from Bandipa?
Can it be compared with our golden flip?
Your economic breakthrough is nothing but Lao Ming Shang Cai,
What did you say? I said your reversal was a draw,
You prepare what I brought today,
This is not an ordinary home,
This kind of ginger, to me,
After my father, and even in the eyes of the whole Daxia children,
It is a spirit that cannot be compared with one or three.
She is the right one for this name
And you are the one who buys Jiang?
You donate your precious hand as I said
Today is my father’s sales business
You donate boys
Ada fifteen pieces for sale
Qixinke pig
It's okay, might as well
Matchmaking show
What Sanfangzi said is polite
She's a big deal already
Must be sold for ten cents
Just let Su kill
Is this really such a talk thing?
Also please the emperor
Seriously big guy
There's nothing wrong with a serious matter
The eldest prince continues
It's obviously intentional
Return the breast and give the order
Serious eldest prince
eyes upside down